Update documentation to reflect larger remit of CSET (#1824)
MetOffice/CSET: README.md

# CSET: Community Seamless Evaluation Toolkit

> CSET, the Community Seamless Evaluation Toolkit, is an open-source toolkit for evaluating weather and climate models, including physical numerical and machine learning models, as well as observations. It focuses on high-resolution atmospheric processes, from convective to turbulence scales, across regional to global domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSET, the Community Seamless Evaluation Toolkit, is an open source toolkit for evaluating weather and climate models, including physical numerical, machine learning models, and observations. It focuses on high-resolution atmospheric processes, from convective to turbulence scales, across regional or global domains.
```

> CSET supports parametrisation, diagnostics, and evaluation research at the Met Office and Momentum® Partnership, and is integral to the Regional Atmosphere and Land (RAL) model development for the Unified Model and LFRic codes.

Reviewer: I'd also suggest restructuring the sentence so it doesn't start with "CSET". Something like:

> At the Met Office and Momentum® Partnership CSET supports parametrisation, diagnostics, and evaluation research. It is integral to the development of Regional Atmosphere and Land (RAL) configurations for the Unified Model and LFRic models.

> CSET supports parametrisation, diagnostics, and evaluation research at the Met Office and Momentum® Partnership, and is integral to the Regional Atmosphere and Land (RAL) model development for the Unified Model and LFRic codes.

Author: happy with that suggestion

CSET provides a centralised and peer-reviewed source of tools to aid
process-oriented verification and evaluation for UM, LFRic physical and machine learning models, supporting both deterministic and ensemble configurations.

For CSET model and diagnostics developers, CSET offers:
   - Well-documented and peer-reviewed evaluation tools.
   - Community development through open access and agreed working practices.
   - A clearly defined release cycle.
   - Automatic testing.
   - Flexible evaluation code that can adapt to user needs.

CSET is built with portability in mind and can be run on:
   - Local desktops.
   - HPC systems.

>    - Cloud servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSET is built with portability in mind and can be [easily installed](https://metoffice.github.io/CSET/getting-started/installation.html).
```

Rather than enumerating the kinds of systems CSET can be installed on, we should just emphasise that it is easy to install.

CSET ensures:
   - Traceable and reproducible results during a model development and assessment cycle.
   - Diagnostics access to observations.
   - A legacy for model and observation based diagnostics through continued maintenance and improved discoverability.

CSET is built using a modern software stack, underpinned by
- python3,

> - iris and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- iris
```
